*vim-geeknote.txt* A short multi line description of your plugin

===============================================================================
CONTENTS                                                         *vim-geeknote*

    1. Intro ............................................. |vim-geeknote-intro|
    2. Requirements ............................... |vim-geeknote-requirements|
    3. Usage ............................................. |vim-geeknote-usage|
    4. Licence ......................................... |vim-geeknote-licence|
===============================================================================
1. Intro                                                   *vim-geeknote-intro*

Integrates Geeknote/Evernote into Vim.
- Notebook navigation, creation, and renaming
- Note viewing, renaming, editing, and creation.

2. Requirements                                     *vim-geeknote-requirements*

- Vim 7.4.364 or newer (issues observed with earlier versions)

3. Usage                                                   *vim-geeknote-usage*

NAVIGATION                                                          *:Geeknote*

Use `:Geeknote` to open/toggle the geeknote navigation window. If the
navigation window is not visible, this command will split the current window
vertically and display the navigation window on the left-side. If visible, the
navigation window will be hidden. Notebooks can be expanded to show the notes
they contain.  To expand a notebook, simply navigate to the name of the
notebook and hit `<Enter>`. Hit `<Enter>` again to close the notebook. To
open/view a note, navigate to the note and hit `<Enter>`. The note will be
displayed in the previous window if it is possible to do so or in a new
vertical split. To save changes to the note, simply save the buffer (e.g.
`:w`). The title of the note will be shown on the first line. The title line
should not be deleted from the buffer but *may* be modified to rename the note.

CREATING AND RENAMING NOTEBOOKS                       *:GeeknoteCreateNotebook*

Use `:GeeknoteCreateNotebook <name>` to create a new notebook.

To rename notebooks or notes, simply modify the the name of the notebook/note
in the navigation window and save the bugger (e.g. `:w`). Any number of changes
can be made before saving, but be sure not to modify an item's GUID.


CREATING NOTES                                            *:GeeknoteCreateNote*

Use `:GeeknoteCreateNote <name>` to create a new note. The note will be created
in the notebook currently selected in the navigation window. If a notebook is
not selected, the note will be created in the default notebook. A new buffer
for the note will be displayed in the previous window if it is possible to do
so or in a new vertical split. The note will not be created until the buffer is
saved (e.g. `:w`). Once saved, the note will be created and the navigation
window will update.

Use `:GeeknoteSaveAsNote` to create a new note using the content of the current
buffer. The first line in the buffer will be used as the note's title. The
remainder of the buffer will be saved as note content. Note this this command
will create and switch to a new buffer.

MOVING NOTES                                        *vim-geeknote-moving-notes*

To move a note into a different notebook, simply move the note's text (includes
title and GUID) under the desired notebook in the navigation window and save
the buffer. Similar to renaming, any number notes can be moved before saving
the buffer.

SYNCHRONIZATION                                                 *:GeeknoteSync*

Use `:GeeknoteSync` to update the navigation with the latest data on the
Evernote server. Warning, any notes that are opened when this command is issued
will not be updated. Support for this will be added in future releases.

4. Licence                                               *vim-geeknote-licence*

Copyright (c) Neil Gabriel. Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself.
See `:help license`.

 vim:tw=78:ts=8:ft=help:norl:
